>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, let's add
a function that can start caching these.
>> Kyle Simpson: We'll call
it cacheLoggedOutFiles.
And for reasons that aren't clear now but
will be later,
we're gonna want to be able
to tell it to force reload,
but we'll default that to false.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
then we need to open up our cache.
And the way we're gonna do
that is to say cache = await
caches.match(cacheName).
CacheName is that string
that we created at the top,
we're gonna say open up that cache entry,
that's an asynchronous operation,
but open up that cache entry up so
that I can start pushing stuff into it.
All right, we want for this cache
logged out files function to wait for
all of these to finish.
So we're gonna do a Promise.all,
similar to how we did before
in that other function.
We're gonna do a Promise.all and
what we're gonna do is take
the urlsToCache.loggedout.
We're going to turn all of those URL into
promises by calling .map on that array.
>> Kyle Simpson: Maybe I'll
rename that to requestFile.
Okay, now we want to wrap
this code in a try catch.
Because it is possible that we're gonna be
trying this while the network is down or
there's some other kind of network
error and we don't want this to crash.
>> Kyle Simpson: So,
if we have not asked to do a force reload,
then we should not unnecessarily
cache these logged out files again.
So in some cases we wanna forcibly ask for
all of them.
In other cases, we only just want to check
if there are any that aren't cached, okay?
It's at least theoretically possible
that our cache got emptied partially or
it didn't finish because their
browser crashed or whatever.
So in some cases we want to check so
we're gonna say if not forceReload,
then we wanna first check the cache
to see if it's already there.
So I'm gonna say res is
equal to await cache.
Remember, cache is the thing
that we've opened.
Cache.match.
And the thing that I'm gonna
match against is the URL.
So that's why those URLs matter because
that's the key in the cache that
we're using.
And if we were able to successfully
pull something from the cache,
then let's just,
>> Kyle Simpson: Return.
>> Kyle Simpson: So in other words,
we're not gonna make a request here
unless we're either in a force reload, or
we weren't in a force reload,
but it wasn't in the cache.
In either of those cases,
we wouldn't make the request.
But here we're going to make a request.
Here's where we're gonna start doing Ajax.
So we're gonna use the same method
that some of you are familiar with in
the browser.
Using the fetch method to do Ajax,
I'm gonna set up an options object
>> Kyle Simpson: These
are all going to be requested with "GET".
>> Kyle Simpson: Credentials is the
cookies, and because these are all logged
out resources they don't need the cookies,
so we want to make sure to strip off any
credentials that might mess around or
give us a different response.
>> Kyle Simpson: So we're gonna say omit.
>> Kyle Simpson: And then in addition, and
this is gonna sound a little bit strange
since our whole purpose is to do caching,
but we actually want to send
the caching header that says no cache.
The reason for that is that we
wanna tell the browser layer,
remember we're in the service worker,
we wanna tell the browser layer,
don't store this response in your
intermediary cache, we want fresh results.
If we're making an Ajax request,
we really want it from the server.
If you don’t do this, it may just start
feeding your service worker from that
intermediary browser cache, which then
sort of defeats the whole purpose of
trying to have control over your caching.
I don’t know why they don’t
make that the default,
it seems to me you’d almost always want
that to be the default, but anyway.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
now we're gonna make our fetch request.
>> Kyle Simpson: We're gonna use the URL
and we're going to use our fetchOptions.
What we get back is a response object, and
we need to just check
if it was successful.
So we can just say if res.ok.
>> Kyle Simpson: And if it was successful,
this is the most critical part
of everything we're doing here,
if it was successful,
we want to do await cache.put
>> Kyle Simpson: And
we're going to use the URL.
And this is a really critical
detail that's super easy to miss,
you cannot simply put a response
normally into the cache.
You normally need to put a clone
of the response into the cache.
>> Kyle Simpson: In this particular case,
we don't need a clone.
But let me explain why
There's a little nuance here that
a response can only ever be used for
one purpose, like for a purpose once.
So if you're gonna cache something,
and also return it to the browser
at the same time, you have to clone
the thing you put in the cache and
then return the original response.
If you don't, you get these weird errors
about the headers already being closed, or
something dumb like that.
So it's usually a really good idea,
if you're sticking something in a cache,
just stick the clone into the cache.
In this particular case we're
making requests of our own.
There was no request from the browser for
that.
So we don't actually need to clone here.
But just keep in mind when
you're doing cache.put,
you're almost always gonna wanna
do a clone on that response.
And if we weren't successful, then we just
sort of shrug our shoulders and say, well,
I guess we weren't able
to cache that resource.
So this is gonna end up sticking
stuff into our cache for us.